    const a = new Vue({: This line creates a new Vue instance and assigns it to the variable a.

    el:'#app',: This line specifies that the Vue instance will be mounted on the element with the ID "app".

    data:{ data : "", refreshes : 0, },: This line defines the initial state of the Vue instance. It has two properties: data (initialized to an empty string) and refreshes (initialized to 0).

    methods:{ do_something(){: This line defines a method called do_something that will be executed when the "Click Me" button is clicked.

    if(isNaN(this.refreshes))this.refreshes=0;: This line checks if this.refreshes is not a number, and if so, sets it to 0.

    if(this.data.length %2){: This line checks if the length of this.data is odd.

    sessionStorage.data="prefix"+this.data;: This line sets the value of the data property of the session storage object to "prefix" concatenated with the current value of this.data.

    sessionStorage.refreshes=this.refreshes*2+1;: This line sets the value of the refreshes property of the session storage object to twice the current value of this.refreshes, plus 1.

    else{: If the length of this.data is even, this line is executed.

    sessionStorage.data=this.data+"suffix";: This line sets the value of the data property of the session storage object to the current value of this.data concatenated with the string "suffix".

    sessionStorage.refreshes = this.refreshes*2-1;: This line sets the value of the refreshes property of the session storage object to twice the current value of this.refreshes, minus 1.

    mounted : function(){: This line defines a lifecycle hook called mounted, which will be executed when the Vue instance is mounted on the page.

    if(sessionStorage.data){: This line checks if there is a value for the data property in the session storage object.

    this.data="suffix"+sessionStorage.data;: This line sets the value of this.data to the value of the data property in the session storage object, concatenated with the string "suffix".

    this.refreshes = Number(sessionStorage.refreshes)%3-1;: This line sets the value of this.refreshes to the remainder of the value of the refreshes property in the session storage object divided by 3, minus 1.

    else{: If there is no value for the data property in the session storage object, this line is executed.

    this.data = sessionStorage.data + "prefix";: This line sets the value of this.data to the value of the data property in the session storage object, concatenated with the string "prefix".

    this.refreshes = Number(sessionStorage.refreshes)%3+1;: This line sets the value of `this.refreshes
